Q1 What is the difference between a list and a tuple in Python?
- LIST=> The list is mutable (can be changed)
         These lists performance is slower
         Syntax: list_1 = [20, ‘Mindmajix’, 30]
  TUPLE=> A tuple is immutable (remains constant)
          Tuple performance is faster when compared to lists
          Syntax: tup_1 = (20, ‘Mindmajix’, 30)
          
Q2 Define modules in Python?
- The module is defined as a file that includes a set of various functions and Python statements that we want to add to our application.

Q3 What are Python Decorators?
- Decorator is the most useful tool in Python as it allows programmers to alter the changes in the behavior of class or function.
An example for Python Decorator is:

@gfg_decorator
def hi_decorator():
    print("Gfg")

Q4 What is the difference between .py and .pyc files?
- py files are Python source files. .pyc files are the compiled bytecode files that are generated by the Python compiler.
The .py files are the python source code files. 
While the .pyc files contain the bytecode of the python files. .pyc files are created when the code is imported from some other source.
The interpreter converts the source .py files to .pyc files which helps by saving time.

Q5 What happens when a function doesn’t have a return statement? Is this valid?
- Yes, this is valid. The function will then return a None object. 
The end of a function is defined by the block of code that is executed (i.e., the indenting) not by any explicit keyword.

Q6 Define pickling and unpickling in Python?
- Pickling in Python: The process in which the pickle module accepts various Python objects and converts them into a string representation and dumps the file accordingly 
using the dump function is called pickling. 

Unpickling in Python: The process of retrieving actual Python objects from the stored string representation is called unpickling.

Q7 Define self in Python?
In Python self is defined as an object or an instance of a class. 
This self is explicitly considered as the first parameter in Python. 
Moreover, we can also access all the methods and attributes of the classes in Python programming using self keyword.  

In the case of the init method, self refers to the newer creation of the object. 
Whereas in the case of other methods self refers to the object whose method was called.

Q8 How to remove values from a Python array?
- The elements can be removed from a Python array using the remove() or pop() function.

Q9 a = "Mindmajix Online Training"
print(a.split())

- [‘Mindmajix’, ‘Online’, ‘Training’]


Q10 x = ['ab','cd']
print(list(map(list, x)))

- [ [‘a’, ‘b’], [‘c’, ‘d’]

Q11 What is pep 8?
- PEP stands for Python Enhancement Proposal. It is a set of rules that specify how to format Python code for maximum readability.

Q12 What is a lambda function?
- An anonymous function is known as a lambda function. This function can have any number of parameters but, can have just one statement.
a = lambda x,y : x+y
print(a(5, 6)) //11

